JIRA-OSDOCS3322: Updated the steps for cluster upgrades per the UI changes (#44907)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osd-create-cluster-ccs.adoc

You can review the end-of-life dates in the update life cycle documentation for {product-title}. For more information, see _{product-title} update life cycle_.
====
+

> .. Provide administrator approval per your cluster update method:

Reviewer: IBM style guide: Do not use per to mean according to. 
s/per/based on (or something similar)

Author: Updated.

> ** Individual updates: If you select an update version that requires approval, provide an administrator’s acknowledgment and click *Approve and continue*.

Reviewer: How do users know if the update version requires approval? I assume that the UI somehow indicates ?

Author: Yes, the UI indicates if the update version that is selected for the upgrade requires admin approval.

> ** Recurring updates: If you selected recurring updates for your cluster, provide an administrator’s acknowledgment and click *Approve and continue*. The {cluster-manager} does not start scheduled updates without receiving an administrator's acknowledgment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Recurring updates: If you selected recurring updates for your cluster, provide an administrator’s acknowledgment and click *Approve and continue*. {cluster-manager} does not start minor version (y-stream) scheduled updates without receiving an administrator's acknowledgment.
```

+

> For information about administrator acknowledgment, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/dedicated/upgrading/osd-upgrading-cluster-prepare.html#upgrade-49-acknowledgement_osd-updating-cluster-prepare[Administrator acknowledgment when upgrading to OpenShift 4.9].

Reviewer: Are allowed to use links in modules now?

Author: Updated to xref. Apologies for the incorrect crossreferencing.
